Make MultiControlledX QJIT compatible without program capture (#9306)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Bug fixes 🐛</h3>

> * Fixed ``jax.jit`` tracing of controlled single-qubit unitary decompositions in :mod:`pennylane.ops.op_math.decompositions.controlled_decompositions` to avoid inconsistent types return from branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed ``jax.jit`` tracing of controlled single-qubit unitary decompositions in :mod:`pennylane.ops.op_math.decompositions.controlled_decompositions` 
  by avoiding returns with inconsistent types from branches.
```
